- Key Events
(1) Keydown (2) Keyup (3) Keypress

(1) Keydown --> 'keydown'
This event will be fired when any key is pressed. Keys include letters, numeric, alt, cntrl, shift, enter etc
Regardless something is typed on the screen or not

(2) Keyup --> 'keyup'
This event will be fired when any key is released. Keys include letters, numeric, alt, cntrl, shift, enter etc

(3) Keypress --> 'keypress'
This event will be fired when any key, that show's some output on the screen is fired 
i.e alphabets, numbers, special characters, enter, shift or backspace

- The Event Object
Every function bind to an event recevies an event object. That event object contains data about the event, suppose if event is the mouse click, it's x and y co-ordinates.
Most importantly, it contains 'target' property, which refers to the element_object it has been triggered on.  
Suppose, you click a button, so the target object will be that button element etc

- 'submit' Event and the preventDefault() method
Once we click on the submit button in a form, the page is refreshed and all the input data is automatically cleared. 
To prevent this from happening, we listen to an event especially associated with the form i.e 'form'
When this event is trigerred, we capture the event object and run the preventDefault method on it

e.g
formObj.addEventListener('submit', (event) => {
    event.preventDefault();
});

- 'input' event
This event triggers a function once the input of the element object it's bind to changes.
Suppose, you bind this event to a search bar. Whenever the user type something, this event will be triggered
or in the example of checked box, once the box is checked or unchecked this event will be fired
or in the example of options, once an option is selected this event will be fired

- 'change' event 
This event will trigger as user jumps from one input to another, or changes fields.

- Basic difference b/w 'input' and 'change' Events
input will be triggered on every key stroke by while change will be triggered once user go from one input field to another.


